She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Just go ahead and press that button.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
At last
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
She cried diamonds.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.